A remnant of the Ouyang family
Oh.
I thought of you as the husband of Liu Yunye
Attempted rape in previous years
Qian Tao goes overseas
Why is it suddenly back?
Yes, I am Liu Yunye's husband
You are the son of these two elders
Why is this beast doing this?
You kid is unlucky to meet our granddaughter of the Chen family
You two are all buried here for me today
Chen family
There is no Chen family in Nancheng
Would do such a thing
Which Chen Jianancheng is it?
What is Nancheng?
We are the Chen family of the imperial capital
The owner, the Chen family of the imperial capital, is one of the three giants of the imperial capital
Me and Ou
The Yang family has no grievances with your imperial capital, the Chen family
Why did you do it?
Boy, you are an ant at first glance
Do our giants still need a reason to do things?
In Nancheng, our Chen family
Just kiss the boy
I'm afraid you can die at the hands of our brothers today
That's your blessing.
Ajie on excavator
Ok brother yang
Hahaha court death for him hahaha